Update step-1.mdx (#3071)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/developing/angular-tutorial/step-1.mdx

</InlineNotification>

#### Import and register icons
Now let's import the icons from our `@carbon/icons` package. To not make our app very big, you don't need to import
all the icons just those you would like to use. To do so let's open the `header.component.ts` file and import `Notification20` icon like below.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

> ```javascript path=src/app/header/header.component.ts

Reviewer: Additionally, if you need to use the icons in multiple components in the same module, you will need to import & register icons again. This won't be necessary if imported & registered in module class.

import Notification20 from '@carbon/icons/es/notification/20';
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> Now you need to register the icon via `IconService` that also needs to be imported from `carbon-components-angular` module.
> After importing IconService you need to inject it in component constructor and us it in OnInit life cycle component hook. There are 2 methods for icon registration `.register()` which accepts only one icon and `.registerAll()` which accepts array of icons. As we are going to use more than one icon we are going to use the later method as below.
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> ```javascript path=src/app/header/header.component.ts
> import { IconService } from "carbon-components-angular";
> ...
> 
> constructor(protected iconService: IconService) {}
> 
>   ngOnInit() {
>     this.iconService.registerAll([Notification20]);
>   }
> ```
> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
> 
> Next step is to import the `IconModule` in the `AppModule` module where the `HeaderComponent` is declared.
> 
> <!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
> ```javascript path=src/app/header/header.component.ts
> import { IconModule } from "carbon-components-angular";
> ...
> 
> imports: [
>   ...
>   IconModule
> ]
> ```
> <!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
> 
> Now the icon is ready to be used in template code. Template in `header.component.html` should look like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app.module.ts, import `IconService` & `IconModule` from `carbon-components-angular` module. IconModule will enable you to use the `ibmIcon` directive. `IconService` will enable you to register icons from `@carbon/icons` to be used with the directive.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```javascript path=src/app/app.module.ts
import { IconModule. IconService } from "carbon-components-angular";
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

Next, inject the service in the module class constructor and register it. There are 2 methods for icon registration `.register()` which accepts only one icon and `.registerAll()` which accepts array of icons. As we are going to use more than one icon, we are going to use the later method.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```javascript path=src/app/app.module.ts
export class AppModule {
  constructor(protected iconService: IconService) {
    iconService.registerAll([
      Notification20,
      UserAvatar20,
      AppSwitcher20
    ]);
  }
}
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
```

Breaking up information here to make it easier for users to absorb the steps & follow. Reasoning for not importing icons in header.component is given above.

Author: thx for suggestions. I accepted them but not able to commit last suggestion. it's too long.
I didn't clone the repo on my local and created the PR just from web editor.

Author: but obviously I will need to clone it as not able to run auto format. Will look into it today or following days. Thx for now.

Reviewer: Great, thanks! FYI, you'll need node v16.
